RHDEVDOCS-4319 - Clarify scope of infra (#48895)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/go-add-infra-nodes.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="add-infra-nodes_{context}"]

> = Moving workloads into infrastructure nodes

Reviewer: *to infrastructure nodes

> 

Reviewer 2: As suggested earlier, every module must contain an abstract that summarizes its content in a brief user-centered statement.

> = Moving workloads to infrastructure nodes
> 
> The default workloads that can be moved to the infrastructure nodes are:

Reviewer 2: This title and abstract seem incomplete. How about a tldr like this one:

```suggestion
= Moving GitOps infrastructure workloads to infrastructure nodes

To running GitOps control plane workloads on infrastructure nodes, you label existing nodes as infrastructure and move the workloads in the `openshift-gitops` namespace to them.

You can move the following default workloads to infrastructure nodes:
```

Author: @rolfedh changing it to Moving GitOps workloads to infrastructure nodes

----
$ oc edit gitopsservice -n openshift-gitops
----

> . In the `GitOpsService` CR file, add `runOnInfra` toggle to the `spec` section and set it to `true`. This toggle will move the workloads in `openshift-gitops` namespace to the infrastructure nodes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the `GitOpsService` CR file, add `runOnInfra` field to the `spec` section and set it to `true`. This field moves the workloads in `openshift-gitops` namespace to the infrastructure nodes:
```
- "Toggle" is non-standard terminology. Please replace it with established terminology. 
- Avoid using future tense, "will."

> . In the `GitOpsService` CR file, add `runOnInfra` toggle to the `spec` section and set it to `true`. This toggle will move the workloads from `openshift-gitops` namespace to the infrastructure nodes:

Reviewer: workloads *in (not from) `openshift-gitops`
